In this lecture, I will explain the order
processing use case which will be
developing and testing in the next few
lectures the order processor application
will allow a client to place an order
to cancel an order and then to delete an
order will be developing a mini
ecommerce application with two important
layers or classes starting with the
OrderBO and OrderDAO.
The OrderDAO Data Access Object
is responsible for all the database
access and the DO object provides the
business logic.The BO has three
important methods placing an order,
cancelling an order and deleting an order
and then the DAO does all the crud work
Creation of data, reading the data
updating the data and then deleting of
data. Will not be connecting to any
database that's where mocking will come
into picture as we'll see we'll start by
creating the order DAO interface then we
create a OrderDAO impl but will not
completely implement this class just to
demonstrate the power of mocking and
mockito we will then create a order
interface which will be implemented by
order BO impl which is our main
class important class which we will be
testing using junit and mockito by
mocking out the order DAO.